me: ^ _ ^ *singing* when you walk away... you won't hear me sayyyy pleaseeee oh babyyyyy don't go!!!!!
dum meanie jock: what a stupid song!!! hahaa u suck!!!! kingdom heart sucks xD!
me: summons keyblade * like sora.
you'll pay for this as****e!!!!!!
*slices him in 
Half*
*wipes blood of my keyblad*
heh.... simple and clean Is the way that your making me feel tonight
fucked up you think it was pretty hard
Someone explain to me why there are targeted facebook ads to try to get f*** a gs to stop smoking f**** a gs ....
irony levels over 9000 xDdds
Stunning, Dashing, Handsome
Supreme leader
This is the Ghost of MY Papa. Sometimes he watches me sleep and He will pleasure me Under the covers. He Is The Prophet Of God he has the Power To make any man Cum under these circumstances: 1. You are not circumsized you will Be Considered Racist And A Pig Will Hump You Every Day And Night. Lucky Boy.... 2. You can Not be Awake Otherwise You Will Have To Squeeze His Prized Collection Of Bananas Into A firm Ball And Throw it at the Nearest Demon You see. 3. You May Not Marry any woman, Only a Man And he Must Have The Biggest Penis In Your Zip Code. Good Luck....
My butt is half jelly and all jimmie skinz
Cheese burger with a hefty side of puss petes
i want to suck the baby tube
man of Lancaster reveal yourself
My balls can be used to make spicy salsa.. Perturbed? My mom is proud of me and I know it.
My crotch has been suspended in mid-air because her pussy worked as a pressurized cannon that propelled my balls
i got crumbs in my bottom shoot
My partner just sexually assaulted my cooked grease monkey. Maybe my pie wasnt meant to be used for her sexual tension ZOO WEE MAMA that is one slim negro...
my penis produces the work of god himself along with nutrients crafted by my testicles
the termites have invaded my super long wood cock. the queen is beginning to squeeze through my tip
sexy..Are u A Girl? wanna do to me What is he doing in this Pic?
The Ugliest Man I have Evr ceen.... He looks Like A Balls Dipped In Prune Juice. Disgusting Father Would Not Let ME within 50 Parsecs Within This Man. He Is a Ugly Walking Stink Bomb. Deportation.
in saudi We On ly Have Big Women, Not Videos.. soooo jelus of Yu Americans.
Ibrahim Dogar can you not read? Flesh! dumb idiot never watched the telovision in his life and yu probably stroke your diaper all day to Nikelodeon.
u hav 1 of donkey, but i have manee donkeys
you are but a stink off the bottom of my shoe, Big Man. But i fart louder than the both of us. Jealous? How does it feel to be beaten by a man of dark skin such as myself,,, slippery pancho licker....
here is the key to my house. i am a Body Builder. You can watch me Lift 10000 pound Weights and you may pat your Penis. It will be excited to see me....
I would reccomend the going elbow first then sliding my body in. You dont have to listin these are just reccomendations
steam comes out my 3 holes. makes a whistel and bird come to peck out my urethra. my wife is jealous she used to do this all the tinme.... haha Dumb bitch!! birds are better at Intercourse Than you Stinky women Will Never Be HAHA!!
My brother is cutie... We give him 15 kisses on ass
That pink bump got my stem growing
Mushy Balls. Hear that? Mushy balls.....
We have plenty of month to
we were walking, when he said "im ready John" but my name isnt john. Angrily, i ripped his pants off and forced my way down is black body, and ate his cock off. There was blood everywhere, i think i bit down too hard. Forgive me Muhamed, for i have sinned. I make sex to th
Hello? if u are ther can you tell me... mayb a pickture of your cock would b enuf... um i have mine out and ready to cum already but i have the ability to cum more than once for you... Strong Man... i think you are my neigher,, my Soul Maet.
if you dotn marrey my daughter i will have my wife smack your ankles until you bend over and show me the gold egg that is under your anal passage. Get ready or else you will be dead no less than one Terabyte.
My boyfriend and I did anal a few weeks back and i think i ripped my anus a bit. Everytime i poop it hurts and when i wipe a little blood goes on the tissue. I can feel a scab when i touch down there but im worried it wont heal. I go poop everyday so how will it heal itself, not poop? that cant be healthy.................should i be worried?
Um.... No im not a dactor, Sorry Bud.
I literally feel like my butt is throwing up. I feel my whole lower body heave then purge....just like I was vomiting, but wrong end. I am usually bent over cringing as my body spazes out. The pain when whatever exiting exits does not have anything to do with the size of what's coming out. Most times when the pain is the worst, I have bright red blood dripping out of me and toilet full of blood and clots. I have tried explaining this to my doc and he looks at me like I'm nuts.
will you be my valentino Lanc?
i mean migesh Shuransk
i mean michelle obama
slow ass but bigge than the calf of michelle gordan
i love you buttery smooth
braille skateboarding
i have a fantasy with a problem child... he hops onto my scrotum and licks the whole inside...
You can access all over my ass . Finger strokes my hole , teasing . I moan , take you in , Rooster thick pressure with my hands. Mouth suck my clit as hard as you fuck my mouth. I feel good ridiculous
tub of lard dunked on head
layered with gallons of grease
but sexe nd probably big kok
white enemy
autistic breakdown
i dont like autistic kids
illegale
i dont like autistic kids
wait until I delete messenger
guess whos in trouble?
Ah, Stinky Smell.
thanks! my summer is kinda shitty but hope urs is better than mine
Ahyes
i have a secret server too!
Lol I got distracted sorry
Anyway I'll leave you alone so you can get through your day
INBRED
??
nugger ! corndog3
double carp is boss form of regular carp
Hmmm. i am pooped!
They should have cancelled school on Halloween instead of Friday
bruh Josaih turned off corpse bride because it's scary
We can make some pumpkin pie with that
Yasssssssssssss
yassssssss
Sound lit
we should make pumpkin pie
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Grrrrraaaah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Git, git, git, git Yeah, yeah, yeah
Timmy Turner Git, git, git, git Tiimmy, Tiimmy, Tiimmy Turner He was wishin' for a burner To kill 
Tiimmy, Tiimmy, Tiimmy Turner He was wishin' for a burner To kill everybody walkin' He knows 
Robyn wake up. We need to have a family meeting
Can I come with you guys to go to the Fourth of July thing
Like seriously wen u care too much for dem too much dey see u as fool and treat u lik u can't do witout dem but wake up
What did I miss who was sending porn pics bru
dcamel sex just like back home in egypt
sweaty bald men have been staring at me taking a shit with my johnson in the bathtub im started to have seizures i miss my copy of super smash brother 4
Lidvense verification added for super roblox beastiality porn. read the term and condition and god it stinks in here
I'm still number one in brawlhalla
I'm still number one in Smash
johnny in the cracker barrel. got a new balisong and i flip inside of it
Guiy i need ghelp my brother has been peeing all over my wet sausage links and his pee is blue and white and red but think he is a liberated fly in disguise
My boyfriend and I did anal a few weeks back and i think i ripped my anus a bit. Everytime i poop it hurts and when i wipe a little blood goes on the tissue. I can feel a scab when i touch down there but im worried it wont heal. I go poop everyday so how will it heal itself, not poop? that cant be healthy.................should i be worried?
we were walking, when he said "im ready John" but my name isnt john. Angrily, i ripped his pants off and forced my way down is black body, and ate his cock off. There was blood everywhere, i think i bit down too hard. Forgive me Muhamed, for i have sinned. I make sex to th
You are not circumsized you will Be Considered Racist And A Pig Will Hump You Every Day And Night. Lucky Boy
Idk where from but he looks familiar lol
Regular Magics: 15 Dragon Slayer Magics: 3
Why are all the black dudes you post bald
i added him to the chat but he's not messaging
No BBC pls
10 likes to see the penis
Why Are the men adding me friend resuests so much. I only want lady friends and added and possibly a granny added friend thank You.
You are a big Buffalo woman stuck in my sphincter. may the grasshopper crawl. into the skin of your Johnson
Ibrahim Dogar and Jen Aveld are now friends.
Matty
Matthew Smiggles Bagnall
Jeremiah
girl: Kiss Me God Night boy: ashalada bihandi hurabhadani bi dihanda motger : your father gave me a Youth Bucket. boy: running aways and screaming "buhaba buhaba buhababibaba!! ®" :D
Have father become into my gut and suck my belly btton. he was a great sucker like a donkey getting the balls fondled by good friend Mahomet Dogar.
Hello Todaye I would like to show You The Many Tricks of my Mickey J. Many Females Licke My Mickey J And Put It Inside They're Gootch Gut. It feels Nice the white Liquid shot from my Mickey J.
I f u cros my line then prepere to be cursed into a beaver man. your balls will shrinker.
i want to be reborn as baby tube massager
Siraj, lick it and then fuck it.
why not one liking into my post. yet close friend Aabid Hakeem have many like
brotherhood of messy fart
Praise God with his m. Visit Qwٔ Zhou Joe Annette.. His parents his sudi.. C Secretary and bought his father. Hehehe
got new walet with 10 cm boner. (measured by the one and only Grandpa)
no comply onto the Fat gorilla
Slice of Bread on the man. Stinky Moldy Cheese Slices Of Bread On His Head
Dearly Beloved... Crotch Smack!!
giant Gorilla Butt Videos Online!!! See a sausage flopping outside Your Window!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
The only way I can answer that is that it was the day you were looking up Braille skateboarding videos trying to decide what wheels to get and I remember saying cruiser wheels are probably better for you
why? you like his ass or somethibg?
i love mommS cock a nice breakfast sausage from momma
Come Back Babe I Miss U
got brand new diamond pickaxe Brings all the Boys to The Yard:D And they Like. Me Stinky than Yours!
want my password??????....................... lmaoo why would I give it to you if you ain't plannin on coming here pussy boa. your scare tactics aint shit, rethink your life, you high school drop out lookin azz nigga﻿
Hello m'lady i see that you are infact a girl that enjoys gaming! That is already a 10 in my book, if you would like me to teach you how to play i would be more than willing to do so. Ask me anytime and dont ask those fags that play shitty pleb games like cod. They wont show you any respect as i will
YES! Yeah Yeah Yeah Baby Suck That Popscicle REAL good! I Love It Keep Going! Bring That Ass Here To Papa Thanks Its A Grand Prize........Um If YOu Are Tranny........Try Gain Kid
Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy! Manga Lover FanBoy!
counter strike christian community
im a 13 year old who enjoys playing games :D
Wow swag
Remote end did not answer call - hanging up.
"+rep"? Yeah, right.
Mooo! I'm a cow! Send this to 50 Humans to join the Secret service and Open High definition Body fluid counter VPN. You are guarentee 60+ FPS on all games created..... Have fun and
actually a raccoon farts into my cell phone. i keep the smelly forever.... rented an apartment and the smelly dissapeared....
This is bob ... copy and pat to twenty nucleotides. ripping my undies
balls and looking at the locking mechanism at my fathers pair of jeans. Bulldozer time!!
Cheese omlet...
Brown ma. i will butter myself betwen thes two men, hornier than ever.
Clot for,,Allah. He is ou savor. vry my savior
she was the most beautiful gal i met and she squated and gave birth to the egg of allah. Thank God i didn't marry
love Facebook see many big girls big lovely girl dont tell mother brother
shadarhad dobagar miloshihata timha hohardhadanaha tashotoha
AVERAG AMERICAN ENEMY!
broter ware are though shalim shalim
Whaaat mother she sent me to Tha Place
Guh!
The official class reunion party for the Class of 07
Big Skype Call With Roman 2
Big Skype Call with Roman
The First Annual Great Meme Pilgrimage to Boise, the Holy City
Zinc and men with four legs, sandwiches, brown hair.
The penis takes a stuck urine from the velvet. It is loss of liquid urine, impaired vision and blindness.
Bikini brown children across the coast while sucking and groaning fucking
Please guide the black pistol Impala nerve chewing can be seen on the plastic tuberware make each piece of bread.
i chew on plastic
cesspit of baloney and a man with four legs with brown hair shaped like a sandwich.
he takes a pee and aims his penis towards a husky plush.
He rams the liquid piss into the poor husky's eyeball and it goes blind.
A brown boy in a bikini is walking across the beach while sucking and fucking with delightful moans while driving a black chevy impala.
a small nerf gun can be seen chewing on plastic, a tupperware container full of lead and meaty sausage chunks.
i know you have a crush on nive
i think he means to save it to his hard drive but accidentally sends it to me
screenshots what i said immediately after i said it
funnest thing you have said ever LOL
you love skateboarding but youre too scared to skate thats really fucking funny
youre too scared to go out with your actual friends that you stand them up and say you cant go
it shows how much more autistic you are than i could ever be
You only go out with your mom
I actually go out with friends
lol i showed him it
i thought it was really funny
matty already sent me that
why do you love copying him so much dude
its disconcerting
woah you have a photographic memory
that doesnt mean i have autism
its one of the many questions you never answered
of a farting spiderman
dude there was another funny greenscreen i found
i like the ninja turtle greenscreen
i will to it later due to it being a topic video
when you watch my video tell me waht you think
it already has like 2 dislikes for some reason
Emo Hair!
how to jailbreak my iphone
I have a job interview tomorrow
My co worker who exclusively wears Pokemon graphic T's and basketball shorts just told me I'm gay for getting regular haircuts and maintaining my beard. Lmao.
im the lowlife of the party
Super weak lol
this wall is owned by butt fuckerstein lol
is this a safe frog?
haha i dont care stick it to the man
found this in my bed. anyone know what it is?
I am NOT okay with this
I don't know what i'm talking about
Do you want some ramen noodles bug, do you want some ramen noodles bug
who's this bitch anyway?
You look a lot like the ninja sword guy from one punch man
Nice to see someone using my OC, but you saved the Thumbnail
thos numbers are how many times ive dosed thank you
my image I saved on 4chan has autism
Not shown: PICKLERICK
great digits
great surprise
because if you do not reply to this post your mother will die in her sleep tonight activated after reading the word because
REEEEEEEEEEEE
i have been watching this place for at least 6 months, and all i can gather is the mems here are less about context and more about the essence of the mem.the spirit, so to speak. mems without the ties to the world. their truest forms.
let's eat trash and get hit by a car
agreed my el duderino you don't need to understand memes just feeeeeel them
they are making bruy big brapps lole
Hey guis! 
Why do I like smelling my own farts :o ???
Don't you like a room filled with your poopy flowers???
*teleports in front of you*
*farts in your face*
*vanishes*
everyone knows im afraid of water
I bet he FUCKED sucy's vagine but first he 69'd with her while her sweaty ass was right in his fucking face jesus christ hold fuck I bet he sniffed her goddamn ass and licked her pussy jesus christ he must have been horny.
I bet since she's really real in real life existence he paid like one THOUSAND dollar on such a classy night out, all just to FUCK HER PUUSY right in the pussy to be quite fucking goddamn honest to be tbh FUCK.
woah c-calm down
Swaglord strikes me more as the sort to wait until marriage, actually.
This is why I love swaglord
implying they're not married yet
Are you kidding? I bet this testosterone fueled monster took her home to a already warm home and turned on the heater to make her sweat more, 
then rubbed his face around in her ass until he was drenched, then made out with her while his face was covered in her asscrack sweat. 
Then I bet he waited for her to fart then immediately shoved his cock in her ass before the fart could be completed, to ensure that the gas and therefore the supreme smelle coated his thick fucking cock, then facefucked her with his shitdick to make her gag and strongly resist the urge to vomit.
Then I bet he made out with her some more to taste her dick/fart breath and her lips that were previously coated in her own ass sweat after being transferred from swaglord's face. 
Then I bet she was exhausted, but swaglord shoved his smelly cock right up her pussy and fucked her until she came all over his hard throbbing weiner while convulsing and squirting everywhere. 
Then since swaglord is such a beast he pulled out before cumming and shoved his fart and pussy juice coated dick back in her mouth and thrusted until she puked and he came at the same time, making a glorious fountain of brown chunky slime and white goo shoot out of the corners of her mouth.
THEN he must have taken a shower and done it all again without letting her bathe.
Your fortune: Reply hazy, try again
captcha: select all "doors"
ass
meruem is cute
Hello anon sorry for the intrusion, but do you mind if I stay the night? It's pouring outside...
That's because they annoy me
Please don't piss me off kiddo.
Go ahead with your illusion, nerd
anime?
ANIME????
ANIIIMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!
this isn't happening..... no... geeh..... grrreh.... grrrrr......
gggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.....
grr.... heehhhh... grrrarrr... grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrAAAAaaaahhhhh.....
NOOOOOO PLEASE NO PLSNO PLS PLS NOOOOOO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA THIS CANT HAPPPENNNIIIIIIIIIINNNGGGGGGGG 
ggrrRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA NOOOOOOO NONONONOON UWHYWHYWHYWHY WHY WHY NONONONONONO WHY HAS GOD FORESAKEN US!!!!!!!!!!!! WWWHHHHYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 AAAAAAAARARARRARAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaa......
whats an aniem lol
dumb frogposter
im not dum
im not dumb
ur a dumbo!
doremi is a messy eater!
her face when she doesn't get to swallow a fat load of my cummies.
It's ok Doremi! I'll be sure to shoot a fat load down your throat tomorrow night!
y r u SO obscene???? if u finish the show u'd never have a lewd thought aboot any of the ojamajos becuz they'd be far too precious 4 n e of that!
why arent anime lesbians in there
heh pringle DICK!
No, it seems to me that you have described a fetish act. I jokingly referred to frenulum, breaking which would be traumatic.
dubsc, nice
very good double
hote
me on the left
i am a girl
i have bepis i know but im a girl :)
epic triples, look me up on twitter
a man of the truth
All frogs are hermaphrodites, prove me wrong
I have 10 million gold in runescape
iz u mad white boiz?
I'm fuming
thiccc
how can we compete?
Lole whate I thoght haramber dead??
Harambe had the NUCLEAR CODES.
the my're wife dog
AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!AA!
H!
NEW MESSAGES
Nice, my're wife is a cat (dragon) pic related
dude you buttfuck that dog?
poopie comes from butte
no ew 
what else am i supposed to do
nice dubs dude, don't do anything else just sit here and post more threads, you'll be a superstar hero
watch flat earth youtube videos
i dont like bully tsundere superiority complex girl
she's not even that cute either
silly little hair puff w/ cute hairtie
you want to fuck a cartoon dog your life has gone completely out of control
i love her so so so so much
also she's not greasy she uses nice dog shampoo
Perhaps I'm too kongpilled.
how often do you take shits in public
You realize if she shampoos her entire body then she's gonna have flakes of skin fall off of her whole body, right? Why don't you try shampooing your entire body and see what happens.
Bare skin is better for rubbing your dick on, anyways.
Do you have a single fact to back that up?
no one cares about dumb slangs, dumb animeposter
dumb frog man
would you fuck harambe?
think about it this way
show proof you're quoting yourself faggot
this guy knows what he's talking about
AHA AHAHAHAHAH
Your fortune: Average Luck
So you're saying all these people are mentally ill
I prefer my girls without animal ears and tails
Get rekt dogfuckers.
maybe you've just forgotten after being bullied by ur own wife constantly that people exist that are just geniunely nice most of the time
ah fuck not that picture again
I also have pictures of her in very revealing clothing, one of her covered in cum, and one of her giving a handjob. 
multiple waifus... 
*spits*
disgusting...
what's the picture with her giving a handjob
it's for a friend
This is a family friendly board.
this server is extremely gay and retarded
that's why I have such big collections
I'm sorry if I was rude to you. You're pretty nice. But Meruem is really h*cking kawaii!!!
ur pretty nice too
"i love posting from a shitty chair and not outside in the sun or in my comfy hammock and anyone who disagrees is dumb"
I post in my bed, with my laptop.
don't make me wake the sleeping dragon...
Furry dog? Anime girl with purple hair?
That cade seems nice.........
Here is the best of two worlds: the nice cade.
god i wish that were me (on the left)
I already have a cade, but why not
me on the right
Your fortune: （　´_ゝ`）ﾌｰﾝ
i would like to find out the orgin comic of this image, aka "sauce"
MY NAME IS RICK
PICKLE RICK
POOTIS POW!!! HAHA!
I just wanted to be cool like you guys.
Can dog use PC?
im a dog and actually a girldog. Should I post my tits?
This is the ideal PC setup. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
DOGEBLES!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have I ever told you what a reprehensible disgrace you are 
I just hate you so much 
I command you to stop 
I have no right to talk to you like that, or tell you what you can't do 
I am a freedom fighting Musclebeast
GOD FUCKINGDAMMIT!!!!!!!!!GOD FUCKINGDAMMIT!!!!!!!!!
fUcK yEaH. i'M aLl Up In ThE fUcKiN sHiT oF tHiS wIcKeD mYsTiCaL mOtHeRfUcKeR. 
DO AS THE PURPLE TEXT SAYS. TO THE BALCONY.
John makes his way to the balcony per your awkwardly-worded request.
WAIT. TAKE THAT. THE BLUE WOBBLY THING.
You whimsically decide to captchalogue the TOTEM which was used to create the APPLE TREE earlier.
JOHN. RECYCLE THE GRIST AS WAS DICTATED BY YOUR COHORT. 
John cannot do anything with the GRIST as of this moment! That is up to the Sburb player.
Rose deletes the PERFECTLY GENERIC OBJECTS. 6 units of BUILD GRIST are restored to your GRIST CACHE.
Yes, that will suffice. 
You go for the CHERRY BOMBS (9) unsuccessfully. 
After mulling it over a bit, you take the RED SPHERICAL SALUTES (1).
Take blender.
BLENDER (2) is a pretty simple word, and you can already tell that's not going to work. 
That's really a much better name for it anyway, you think.
WHIRLING BLADE PITCHER
Activate garbage disposal.
Stuff down mr. purple guy into the garbage disposal. 
You're still not sure what he's so happy about, or what he's looking at up there.
While you're at it, you dump the contents of the BLENDER, oops I mean WHIRLING BLADE PITCHER, into the disposal. But you suffer an unfortunate GARBAGE DISPOSAL HEAD JAM. 
You notice something in the reflection. Something above you.
The ECHELADDER rewards your bold ascent with 125 BOONDOLLARS. You waste little time in storing them in your CERAMIC PORKHOLLOW. 
Sort of a stupid thing to use for a weapon, but you might as well grab it
Surely your mother is lurking nearby. You should be prepared for an unpleasant confron...
BOOM! DEFLECTED NIGGA!
There's this really cool dude, ok? He's standing around being all chill, like cool dudes are known to do sometimes. A cool dude like this probably has a real cool name. But he probably wouldn't just tell you what it was if you asked. He'd be way too busy for that. Busy being totally sweet. 
But you could always try to guess his name. And if you were right, he might nod ever so slightly. That's a cool dude's way of letting you know there might just be hope for you yet.
This guy doesn't have time for this sort of bullshit.
Your name is DAVE. It is an UNSEASONABLY WARM April day. Your BEDROOM WINDOW is open to let some air in, and your FAN is cranked. Arguably even more cranked would be your FLY BEATS
Quickly retrieve arms from cinderblocks.
is today some sort of special occasion or something 
did you do something to curry favor with ladies 
did you break your leg on a puppy or some shit 
dont talk about your awful stupid movies or make references to them 
your gross man-bro crush on matt macconahay is an unsavory thing to behold 
sounds like a noise a horse would make 
are you taking notes on how to be cool?? jesus get a fucking pen 
oh and christ in a sidecar are you still using the stack modus??? 
you need to BONE UP on your data structures that shit is just ridiculous 
I cant dI cant dI cant dI cant dI cant dI cant
RichardGive up
So...about your money
Do you believe in RichardGive up
+19 lP
Siphons a part of fabric's soul into a funny saying image
thats a funny saying
Miranda Cosgrove chillin on the carch
couch*
Moo Moo Demon Riding In A Tiny car
Sorry for the stuttering, cringiness, background sound, messed up screen and etc
No idea what is causing the problem
In future can you make the text easier to read? :D
FAKE!!!! IT DOESNT WORKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think I left my chicken nuggets in here anyone seen em?
very bored how about u
i think i was playing ninja tobu
This video sucks it doesn't help
I'd feel like a big nosed cade too.
boobs
kill all faggots
Thanks for the advice bisected reptile
I love you, Carpel Tunnel Syndrome.
Why americans put butter in their tea?
Americans stir their tea with pencils, so they need to use butter to counteract the harsh taste of wood shavings.
Le monke
Your doctored image proves nothing
What is the Crash Bandicoot woah meme? The origin of the woah memes
Don't call her watermelon
the cantaloupe girl
Depicted: Two cute anime bois kissing and rubbing semi-hard feminine benises together
PLEASE just go back to you're circlejerk
Goodnight sweetie n_ns
So this thing snuck into my room and is now occupying my bed, what should I do???
eat it, or throw it in the garbage can
Make babby with it.
it has big breasts
MAEK BIG PEEPEEE SEXCY
autism and sex don't go together
idunno waht that is butt i want to fuccc it
Overdosing has never more innocent
I really, really, really like this image! Mind if I save it?
However you might prefer the original Distinguished Bananabird™ copyright of this 
the front facing Bananabird
Milk Cat 14
Oooo I awaited this for so long. 14 in by favourite number, SAVED
Party Fish
Hello, I'm you're waitress for the day. What would you like to drink my're friend? :)
scube
I want to FUCK the Scooby!
>mfw my brother fucks his boyfriend on the family dining table again
he fucc le pup
Is it bad if this makes me hard?
It is normal and healthy for males to get erections when seeing sexual imagery.
that shit is not normal "Dude"
she got protein
Shaggy just won't stop zoinking poor ol' ScOObY dEW
DOG SEX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ePIC
Time to buy bigger panties, she can't pull them over her benis and butte
removing the panties is a better solution
you'll still have stretch marks but they'll fade to silvery lines. The average chad doesn't even notice them.
bruh? you're trying to ruin your protein gains? swallo every fly you can get my dude
You fucking wanker!
If you want to update the application then you can
Cock and ball torture (CBT) is a sexual activity involving application of pain or constriction to the male genitals.
A ball stretcher is a sex toy that is used to elongate the scrotum and provide a feeling of weight pulling the testicles away from the body
This can be particularly enjoyable for the wearer as it can make an orgasm more intense, as testicles are prevented from moving up
Intended to make one's testicles permanently hang much lower than before (if used regularly for extended periods of time), this sex toy can be potentially harmful to the male genitals as the circulation of blood can be easily cut off if over-tightened.
While leather stretchers are most common, other models consist of an assortment of steel rings that fastens with screws, causing additional but only mildly uncomfortable weight to the wearer's testicles
The length of the stretcher may vary from 1-4 inches,[2] and the steel models can weigh as much as five pounds or more.[citation needed] A more dangerous type of ball stretcher can be home-made simply by wrapping rope or string around one's scrotum until it is eventually stretched to the desired length.
A ball crusher is a device made from either metal or often clear acrylic that squeezes the testicles slowly by turning a nut or screw
How tight it is clamped depends on the pain tolerance of the person it is used on
A ball crusher is often combined with bondage, either with a partner or by oneself.
A parachute is a small collar, usually made from leather, which fastens around the scrotum, and from which weights can be hung
It is conical in shape, with three or four short chains hanging beneath, to which weights can be attached.
Used as part of cock and ball torture within a BDSM relationship, the parachute provides a constant drag, and a squeezing effect on the testicles
Moderate weights of 3–5 kg can be suspended, especially during bondage, though occasionally much heavier weights are used
Smaller weights can be used when the male wearing it is free to move; the swinging effect of the weight can restrict sudden movements, as well as providing a visual stimulus for the dominant partner.
A testicle cuff is a ring-shaped device around the scrotum between the body and the testicles which when closed does not allow the testicles to slide through it
A common type has two connected cuffs, one around the scrotum and the other around the base of the penis
They are just one of many devices to restrain the male genitalia
A standard padlock may also be locked around the scrotum; without the key it cannot be removed.
Some passive men enjoy the feeling of being "owned", while dominant individuals enjoy the sense of "owning" their partners
Requiring such a man wear testicle cuffs symbolizes that his sexual organs belong to his partner, who may be either male or female
There is a level of humiliation involved, by which they find sexual arousal
The cuffs may even form part of a sexual fetish of the wearer or his partner.
However, these are extreme uses of testicle cuffs
More conventionally, the device pulls down the testicles and keeps them there during stimulation, which has a number of benefits.
Making the penis appear longer
Pulling the testicles down and away from the base of the penis stretches the skin over the base of the penis and pubic bone, exposing the additional inch or so of penile shaft that is normally hidden from view.
Improving sexual arousal
While some men may be aroused by the feeling of being "owned", the physical feeling of stretching the ligaments that suspend the testicles has an effect similar to the more common practice of stretching one's legs and pointing the toes.
Preventing the testicles from lifting up so far that they become lodged under the skin immediately adjacent to the base of the penis, a condition which can be very uncomfortable, especially if the testicle is then squashed by the slap of skin during thrusting in sexual intercourse.
Delaying or intensifying ejaculation by preventing the testicles from rising normally to the "point of no return"
It is much harder to reach an orgasm.
Loss of blood flow is one of the biggest risks in cock and ball torture, which can be seen with loss of color and edemas
Bondage in which the testicles are tied to something else is especially dangerous, increasing the risk of the testicles getting damaged through excessive tension or pulling.
but Shes still shitting bitch!
no lock on the stall!
Impressive. Very nice.
get this man some fuggin fud lole
le chinese hooting girl lol
Eats Fud
I Know 608
It's an acronym standing for Anime Gives Only Me Benis Da Noodly Olive Pepper
is that ketchup?
please stop please stop please stop please stop
you know the law anon u have to eat the dry cereal now :D
as ur atorney I advise u to just suck it up and crunch up the dry cearl w/ ur mouth and eat it. I will handle the court costs to get milk next time
that is the price of being a dumb fucknig idort
jus buy a new fuck milk next time u use the last milk
hey yo wassup whats crackin brothers (and sisters!) i have come to share a very important mesage with you and the mesage is to always brush your tooth!
girl is not want to kiss with you if your tooth are dirt! :)
why is that toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooothbrush in that pic.. yu know.. i forgot LEL
*disappears into le shadows*
grand dad and baby grand dad
i like giant Muffin
No lock on stall but I'm shitting !